---
published: false
title: 'Natural Language Apps'
description: ''
---

_"napps: a universal package format to make all code AI callable"_

<!--truncate-->
<br/>

> **Give me a json function interface and an execution environment and I will
> move the whole world**
>
> _LLMs everywhere trying to do their jobs_

The fundamental principle of the "napp" format is to provide a unified interface
for deterministic computing (classical code) and probabilistic computing (AI),
enabling these two paradigms to work together effectively by presenting as a
single, highly tested, reusable unit.

In order for these two paradigms to merge, we can simultaneously merge in the
web API paradigm which is foundational to cloud computing, and add in the
blockchain paradigm, providing a highly cohesive means of packaging
functionality into composable units.

If we can bridge between natural language generators and conventional code
execution, then we can also bridge between conventional code execution flavours
for no extra effort, enabling python apps to call rust apps to call javascript
apps and so on.

## Rationale for a New Package Format

### Bridging Programming Languages and AI through JSON

Traditional package formats are inherently tied to specific programming
languages, necessitating custom tools or language-specific package managers for
invocation. This fragmentation introduces significant challenges, particularly
in an era where AI systems, such as large language models (LLMs), increasingly
interface with code across multiple languages.

JSON has emerged as a universal data interchange format, both language-agnostic
and conducive to AI integration. By standardizing function calls across all
languages using JSON, the "napp" format ensures compatibility with AI and
natural language processing systems. This approach simplifies cross-language
interoperability and leverages the capabilities of LLMs in understanding and
generating JSON-formatted data.

### An AI friendly package format

The current packaging tools were all created before AI was mainstream. The
formats were made to cater to humans, and they made design choices for adoption
and freedom, rather than practicality and correctness. If a package format is
intended to be used mostly by an AI, then it must make sense to the AI
naturally, it must be minimal with the least number of surprises being possible
in it, and it must favour compact units rather than large sprawling megamodules,
which are torturous for both humans and AIs alike, but not really
disincentivized in traditional package formats.

## The "napp" Format Specification

A napp is a way to export "JSON functions" from a package of code. JSON
functions are a protocol for invoking a code function in a standard and inert
way. It makes the function message passing be explicit between packages. It is
required as a way to allow LLMs which generate text to interface with code.

These packages of functions can then be statically wired together using json, or
be wired together dynamically.

### Key Features

- **Language-Agnostic Execution**: "napp" packages will support all major
  programming languages, including Python, JavaScript, Go, and Rust. An
  efficient translation layer routes JSON calls to native function calls,
  enabling seamless interaction across languages.

- **Security and Permissions**: Each package explicitly defines its required
  permissions (e.g., network access, filesystem operations). The execution
  environment enforces these permissions to ensure secure operation and prevent
  unauthorized actions.

- **Git-Based Version Control**: Packages are stored in Git repositories,
  enabling comprehensive version tracking, content deduplication, and efficient
  updates through delta changes.

- **Reproducible Builds**: Including source code and build scripts within the
  package ensures that builds can be reproduced locally, enhancing both security
  and transparency.

- **Monetization and Attribution**: Built-in mechanisms support usage costs,
  modification payments, and contributor attribution, fostering a fair and
  incentivized ecosystem for developers.

- **State Management**: Packages manage state between invocations using isolated
  filesystem areas and state identifiers, supporting complex interactions and
  persistent sessions.

- **AI-Native Interface**: "napp" packages are designed to be "chattable,"
  supporting natural language interfaces that allow AI systems to effectively
  perform function calls.

* **Comprehensive Documentation**: Inclusion of descriptions, usage examples,
  API specifications, and metadata to facilitate developer engagement.

* **Testing and Validation**: Provision of tests and example runs to assess
  package functionality and estimate execution costs prior to deployment.

## The API gateway

If we have a standard way to make API calls out, then a hosting platform can
allow consumers to have a single billing relationship with the hoster, but be
consuming a plethora of API services that have a billing relationship with the
hoster or some other providing party. The end consumers do not have to bother
themselves with half a dozen different API keys and accounts that they have to
manage, they simply pay the hoster for what they consume.

The gateway being a json interface allows mocking and switching of the gateway
dependency, so a napp execution can be moved between hosters, and between
gateway providers, and still be assured of correct functionality.

## The purpose of Artifact

Whilst napp packages are readily runnable in many environments, a special
opportunity presents in making a json function system bus to manage the function
invocations.

Because the functions are inert pieces of structured text, they lend well to
immutability. Artifact then, is simply an execution environment for napps, where
the message passing is represented in git commits, threads are represented in
branches, and files are snapshotted as the git tree in each commit.

Artifact then, is the execution environment of napps. It consists of an
execution environment, a persistence layer, and a system bus for passing json
function objects around.

It takes conventional computers and combines them together to present a reliable
execution environment for napps. Without the napp format, the reliable execution
property would be difficult to provide.

## Use Cases and Applications

### Serverless Platform Integration

"napp" packages can be deployed on serverless platforms, allowing developers to
execute applications at scale without managing infrastructure. They support API
calls over the network, facilitating integration into larger systems and
enabling rapid deployment.

### Browser Compatibility

"napp" packages compatible with browser environments can run directly within
browsers by leveraging modern web technologies, enabling developers to build
rich, interactive web applications with minimal configuration.

Further, because of the portability that json functions bring, a browser can
request a napp to be run on far away computers, and still have it behave
programmatically like it is running locally.

## Streaming data

Because JSON can be streamed, results can be streamed down over time. If the
results were static files, we can stream the files down however this is only for
the case where the files are computed before the response.

Files that are generated in a streaming fashion could be handled by either a
collection of commits that hold the incremental changes, or by a sideband mode
that streams up to certain "keyframes" at which point a commit of the data is
made, which serves for resumption and repeatability

## Event streams

Whilst the request response paradigm doesn't directly support event interfaces,
the same effect can be achieved by two means. One is to watch a file on the
filesystem and receive changes in that file, and the other is the client could
register a channel with the host and receive reverse json invocations which
would represent events.

### AI and LLM Integration

By exposing functions that are optimized for AI-driven invocation, "napp"
packages simplify interactions with LLMs. AI systems can seamlessly interface
with packages through JSON parameters and natural language queries, thus
enhancing AI-driven development workflows.

## Advantages over current package managers

Current package manages break the provenance between the git commits that
produced the end result and the end result itself. They also compress the
finished item which gains space for this package but loses deduplication with
other similar packages made up of some of the same components. A napp package is
a git commit, so it has no loss of fidelity from how it was made to how it is
consumed.

Being AI native, which means the discovery is intended to be done by AI on the
fly, allows shifting cognitive burden from the developers and onto the AI.
Deduplication of similar packages dampens namespace pollution, and a semantic
firewall ensures that a packages advertised functions match what the function
calls return.

Running on a blockchained execution environment, side effects can be controlled,
and so a napp package has strong security guarantees about the leakage of
information during its execution due to the strong isolated box it gets run
within.

Cost of execution being built in to the package manager also allows control of
runaway code as it runs out of credits, but also incentivizes more optimal
versions to be created, since the faster improved version will receive more
profit share from the hosters.

## Conclusion

The "napp" format provides a comprehensive approach to package design for the
AI-integrated development ecosystem. By unifying cross-language interfaces,
enhancing security, and integrating deterministic and probabilistic computing
paradigms, "napp" offers a robust framework for AI-native applications. We
encourage developers, AI researchers, and the broader community to explore and
contribute to the "napp" format.
