Tom 0:00:00 Okay, so opening with the rules of the game, the etiquette. What
have you got? So, I think for now we go with the reduced list from the meeting
modes that we talked about last time. etiquette of tabling up front, what we're
going to be talking about. The conch you mentioned was very helpful where I shut
up and because we're in VR I can give you visual nods, shakes of head and so on
which doesn't disrupt you. We've got the pause and we've got the save. I think
that that list for now probably would be enough.

Tom 0:00:53 We don't need voting. Critical analysis mode, I'm not entirely sure.
Well, that's not necessary until we have some kind of live AI helping us. Yeah,
which means that there's actually not really that much to be gained from
criticizing ideas right now anyway. So while we wait for the commander to turn
up,

Tom 0:01:16 we're all about tabling so that it can parse stuff. Yes, and so what
I suggest in terms of etiquette at the moment is you state your position, I
state my position, and then offline we get the AI to grind. Okay. Okie dokie.
Who goes first with what? Well I can, I would like to table my priority list
based on I've been tracking time and where time is being wasted. Okay. And also
the second point I'd like to talk about which I think you touched on just before
the video which was over emphasis on AI in terms of output.

Tom 0:02:18 presentations or tabling of things you want to table where you've
been spending your time or was like a project report? Was it the first one?
Status? It's a status report. Yep. Okay, and then the results of that status
report and then results of using or attempting to use what we have as commander.
Okay, and then and then you right and then you've got a you said you got a wish
list of tooling that you want

Tom 0:02:55 Yes, that's number two. Yeah, and then go into the delusions or some
of the errors of AI'ing too much Right and do you agree that do you agree that
there's a the most urgent thing for us to publish or put out is to set a date
for when we can set a date for the first deliverable of the CRM? Yes and ideally
we just set the

Tom 0:03:25 date but we don't seem to be able to do that. It would be nice to
use commander to do that but Okay, I'm most interested in your wish list of
tools. So the first one is the replacement for the bash script, because I notice
there's 20 minutes of my time doing cut and pasting backwards and forwards
because I need to cut into 01. Is this the transcriber?

Scott 0:04:08 Yeah.

Tom 0:04:09 The transcriber that transcribes from YouTube videos and outputs a
diarized transcript of the contents within it. Is that correct?

Scott 0:04:20 No, no, no.

Tom 0:04:21 That's actually another tool. So what I'm talking about here is the
transcription part is relatively easy, 10 to 15 minutes or whatever. What's
quite time consuming is once you've got the transcript, going back through
cursor and doing concats and taking those concats across into O1 manually. I had
a bash script which generated that 1.1 gig file and broke everything and so I've
been doing it by hand. When you say by hand, what does by hand mean?

Tom 0:05:00 Going into cursor, cutting and pasting or copying. Why haven't you
been using the concat tool that I gave you to do that? I have but that is just
exactly the same. Likewise go into the command line, do CONCAT and... Can you
share your screen? No, still not because it's still broken. As in Mac doesn't
share screens anymore. Can you do it the old way with just going into a Jitsi
meeting and then showing it to me?

Tom 0:05:41 I can. How would you do that then? Well, last time we did it, you go
into a Jitsi meeting, share your screen, and then I'll be receiving your shared
screen and then cast it.

Scott 0:05:53 Yeah, okay.

Tom 0:05:54 Is that a good use of time? No?

Scott 0:05:58 If it's helpful for you, yes.

Tom 0:06:00 Yeah, it's helpful for me because I feel like I've given you
everything you need and you should be okay, so

Tom 0:06:07 If that's not the case

Tom 0:06:09 What was it called?

Tom 0:06:11 It was called Robot Army Marches. Would you like to... Oh wow, I can
see my face. Let's not do that. So I want to...

Tom 0:06:21 Turning off the camera, also turning off audio, because I'll just
get feedback, and a sharing screen.

Tom 0:06:55 My name is

Tom 0:06:56 Pants and I want no video I want no microphone. I want to not be
sharing anything. Go away. Go away.

Scott 0:07:13 I see, you're just not authentic enough.

Tom 0:07:16 That's me buddy, unauthentic.

Tom 0:07:19 Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Unauthentic is I give away all my email
addresses, that's fine, whatever.

Tom 0:07:25 Okie dokie, in you come buddy. Right, I'm already in. What? No?
You're not in this meeting? Because the meeting that we're having is about
something very different.

Scott 0:07:49 Oh, you're... Stopped presenting? Yeah, okay, I'll stop
presenting.

Tom 0:07:55 Did you spell the meeting name right, Fujitsu? No, probably not.

Tom 0:08:00 I, uh... Do you want me to paste the link to you?

Tom 0:08:03 Yeah, do it. If you can bump it, that'd be useful. Um, I'm
accidentally in a random Google Meet. Google Meet? You mean Jitsi Meet? No, no,
there's a... I looked for Jitsi, um, in our thread, and it came up with, Jitsi's
not working, can we go to Google Meet? And I just clicked on the Google Meet.
What the hell?

Tom 0:08:28 Like, how would you expect this to work? It wouldn't, it didn't have
the glasses on. Oh no.

Scott 0:08:36 I was going blind.

Tom 0:08:38 Dear Christ.

Scott 0:08:40 Ok, there you go buddy.

Tom 0:08:42 Hello. What I want to see is the workflow you use within Cursor.
Yeah, I'm going to get that lined up before you speak back. It doesn't work.
It's alright, I wasn't looking. I can almost cover my eyes with my virtual
hands. I've got power reading ability.

Tom 0:09:08 Okay, we're good Yeah, we're good. I just need to make this a bit
bigger. That's what she said okay Not that big maybe above the line

Tom 0:09:46 Why why are you using a one and not a one pro

Tom 0:09:50 because of the... it just takes too long.

Tom 0:09:57 Too long? You impatient person.

Scott 0:10:00 It's the smartest machine on the planet. Give it a fucking minute.

Tom 0:10:05 Give it a minute. Seven minutes. It's really good now. You should
try it again. Um... ok. What am I looking at here? Wait a second. I'm trying to
zoom back out.

Tom 0:10:30 You can hit that little icon there. There we go.

Tom 0:10:33 Okay, right. So, my workflow is definitely suboptimal. This is weird
because my mouse is getting delayed by about 200 milliseconds. Just look at the
screen in front of you. Just the one in front. Sorry, my bad. My bad.

7 0:10:59 I need to switch my glasses on.

9 0:11:01 My bad.

Tom 0:11:03 Okay, so what I'm doing is when I'm putting the commander together,
which is not the transcript rule, it was what I was trying to do using CONCAT
and that bash script that broke everything, which is just to boot up the
commander needs to know.

Tom 0:11:28 So, show me, I know all the background, show me you doing it. I
don't do it for fresh. Or for stale whatever whatever one whatever is good

Tom 0:11:40 Can you change that to 01 pro because it drives me mad that we paid
that much for this thing and you're not even using the expensive part. It's
because of that outage. And it scars you mate, you've got to just take it on the
chin and move on. I mean it's not. Okay fair enough.

Tom 0:12:01 Right. This is painful reasoning. Yes, but delay your reasoning. So
we'll start off by telling it what you are.

Tom 0:12:27 I don't care about all that.

Scott 0:12:30 What you are I

Tom 0:12:32 Don't care about all that. I don't I care about you you want to get
what files and folders into context

Tom 0:12:37 That's what I care about Right well it changes each time Okay, so
this time. What is it? This time it was to get the not committees. It's but is
to get transcript from last time Which file which folder just can you just point
to them in this file tree? Okay, pick another one that you can show me anything
at all that you can actually just point to yeah, no

Tom 0:13:02 What? Why have you got? Not within cursor right because you would I
assume you would bring that into cursor, right? So you got you got files within
cursor and now there's some that you've decided you want to bring into context.

Tom 0:13:42 Yep.

Tom 0:13:43 Yep. So what do you do? So I go into transcripts and then, for
example, pure LASK transcripts. Yep. For example, that one, that was also going
back two weeks. So there's a collection of them, right? Yeah.

Tom 0:14:17 Now, the scope is a thing where now, at the moment, I'm just going
into the command line and doing CONCAT this and then cutting and pasting that
over. Now the problem with that is it can change depending on the topic that
you're wanting to talk about. So for example, if I were to include everything
that we've said over the last year, I'm not going to agree with you. Right,
yeah, but then your CONCAT's going to be different.

Tom 0:14:54 So what's the issue with that though? Well, the CONCAT tool, at the
moment I'm CONCATting different layers to give different priorities. So, for
example, folders, meetings, narratives. Yeah, but what's the issue with the
CONCAT tool? You remember the bash script that I attempted to write?

Tom 0:15:24 Yes. That was meant to create a single file that I could one click
over to O1, O1 Pro, and so when I gave you the version of the CONCAT command
that did exactly what the bash script did in one line and generated that output
file, what happened to that? That was not single click, maybe it's a matter
of... How was that not single click? It made a single file and then all you had
to do was open that file and copy it. Okay, alright. I'll back off on that one.
I probably not understood it well enough, I'll go back and look at it again. But
essentially it was bringing in various things, various concats on different
directories in order to give a known state to the commander.

Tom 0:16:27 Yeah, that's exactly what CONCAT was built for. I'm perplexed as to
why that's not working for you. I gave you a one-liner command to do that. I can
help you now to type another one. Yeah, all right, so let's get out of this. So
if you...

Tom 0:16:47 I'll come out of here. here and now just to show how it works.
Alright so I'll go into the reasoning map and now give me some example things
that you'd want to do a CONCAT of. Give me the complete folder tree. They read
me at the base of every folder, but not every file. Give me the CONCAT of the
last three transcriptions and the current stucks.

Tom 0:17:37 Okay.

Tom 0:17:38 Why do you want the folder tree? Because I want the commander to ask
me for additional information from the readme. Oh, like you want it to ask for
additional files to bring in? That's right. That's right. It's like rather than
bring the entire thing in. Oh, okay, okay, okay, so what you should be doing
there is maintaining and generating a tree, but for now, um, okay, so the way
that I was doing that was going, uh, tree

Tom 0:18:26 tree dot pipe to this way this way this way Conk out so you want

Tom 0:18:36 Every readme in every folder, right?

Tom 0:18:38 Yes, but only the readmes that the folders not the what? Yes. Yes.
What you just said. Okay. At the top level only. What? At the top level? That's
different. So not nested ones, so like, not this file? Um, no. But I wanted...
Only one folder deep?

Tom 0:19:12 Um, data transcripts, what I want to say is give me the data
transcripts 2024-12, 2024-12-11, 2016-23-24. What?

7 0:19:34 So, listen, see this?

Tom 0:19:36 This is the list of files that this pattern has pulled up. Which
files do you want to not be included? Well, um… This is every README within the
reasoning folder. To be honest, with the number of 6,781 tokens, just to every
week. Sir have you been have you been trying to save tokens? Well I have because
of the point three you want to bring up because all one drifts

Tom 0:20:13 it does drift and so I've been trying to be. All one pro drifts or
all one drifts, all one pro just takes like... Yeah so I don't think you've got
a you you I don't think you can say... O1 pro has been fixed when did you last
try O1 pro and find it to be slow? Three days ago. Do you think it's still slow?
I haven't tried it this morning. I will try it later on this morning. Do you
want to kick one off right now and we can just It's really distracting with that
okay, all right sweet noise All right, so I don't think you can claim that I
won't pro drifts. I haven't seen it drift

Tom 0:21:02 But I would dearly love to see you show me something of it drifting
Okay, I know that if you give it extraneous information or you don't tell it
what you're interested in or what folders you're interested in, then you will
get answers that sort of come back a little fuzzy, but that's not O1 Pro's fault
in my opinion. Okay, well, how about as an action item, I suggest rather than
waste your time with me with a laggy screen. Yeah.

Tom 0:21:42 I'll take a screen recording from fresh using O1 Pro, and if there's
no case to answer, I won't bother you with it. Yeah, not a screen recording,
just share me the link. Just create a shared link so I can view it in the chat
GPT platform. Okay. So, find me a fault. The other faults I'm interested in
seeing are any faults that are

Tom 0:22:06 Contradictions or any kind of Logical contradiction within Within a
single message would be gold within a chat would be the next best prize but Any
any contradictions at all because I can't find any and I'd love to see some if
you can make them happen drift would be a form of a logical fallacy because it's
like well you know you didn't follow the something yeah yes I'm trying to

Tom 0:22:41 maintain the discipline of the conch okay the well let me run that
experiment experiment on 01pro now on 01 by drift I'm talking about it being
just way too wooly That's nice. So what are the files? What are the what are the
files that you want out of this? Out of this thing well, can you give me a
single line to take?

Tom 0:23:08 to create the tree and give every readme and then specify the
totality of the domains which would be commander. What's the totality of the
domain? What does that even mean? As in all the contents, okay so domains slash
commander you want everything in there right? Yep.

Tom 0:23:49 domain slash commander yep yep okay and then domains slash
innovation

Scott 0:24:17 Yep.

Tom 0:24:18 Then all the contents of the stocks.

Tom 0:24:24 Yep. And then the last four data transcripts. Oh dear.

Tom 0:24:29 That's an interesting question to ask, isn't it? The last four. So
you would be in 2012, and you would want... For example, those four, yeah. 14,
16, 18, 20. Remembering that inside of those, there are multiple files.

Tom 0:25:16 Yep. So here I would say, I'll enter that just so that I get a
feeling for it.

Tom 0:25:24 Oh, 49K. That looks about right. I just want to make sure we didn't
pick up anything stupid in there. That looks right, okay, and then um, so this
is, this is exactly what I do when I'm like give me a glob for

Tom 0:26:02 2024

Tom 0:26:04 Dash 12 dash

Tom 0:26:06 14 But I want

Tom 0:26:10 Star

Tom 0:26:12 Slash but I want to only get 14 to 20. Extra clubs for me. So that's
sort of how I figure out complicated globs

Tom 0:26:43 Because yeah, cuz it's pretty good you can also do that in chat like
you like hey, I need a glob for blah blah blah blah blah And then you get this
kind of thing All right, so data slash transcripts slash 2024-12 slash 2024-12
blah blah blah blah blah blah. You can see how that would work. Can I skip doing
the 20? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and I'll just Experiment. Yep. Okay, so we do
that

Tom 0:27:43 That's going to give you

Tom 0:27:45 49 Thing is

Tom 0:27:49 I think. Data, transcripts, blah blah blah. Nope, we didn't get the
transcripts. Did I type that right? Transcripts, transcripts. I missed a star.
My bad.

Tom 0:28:24 Okay, there we go 77k alright, so oh And then what I do is I'd go
tree Dot pipe to concat Yep, which has a tree at the end yeah, and then So what
I'll also do for you is I will add a note into CONCAT, the issues for CONCAT,

Tom 0:29:18 to say that I need to include a tree listing at the end, optionally,
in case the bot needs to ask for more information. So that is an issue in the
concat project. Now I would go and open up the concat that I just made, this bad
boy right here copy paste and off I go and then uh... way way down the bottom,
like way down

Tom 0:30:12 seventy seven thousand tokens down you can see the uh... tree

Scott 0:30:20 uh...

Tom 0:30:21 in the bash script that I erroneously wrote

Scott 0:30:24 I was

Tom 0:30:25 making sure that it had the location of each Concatenated file it
does that it does have that at all it has it It has it right here Begin file and
then it gives the path

Tom 0:30:39 Okay, and and what I'm trying to get across to you here is that even
if I didn't give it the tree so you want the trees no you wanted the tree so
that it knew about files that it didn't have access to but even if you don't
give it the tree and I will ask it to

Tom 0:31:19 run out

Tom 0:31:40 So I just gave it all those files and asked it to write out the file
tree of it. The point I'm trying to get across is that it understands intimately
what just happened in terms of the folder layout that I tried to get across with
this context and I've never seen it fault in terms of figuring out what the
folder tree is within these concatenations. That's why I chose this format for
it. There might be better ones but this is what I came up with in my testing
which was manual

Tom 0:32:23 It showed to me that that's a suitable demarcation of the file start
and end and from that it can infer the the directory tree from those files Okay
So does that end issue one? It does

Tom 0:32:40 But noting that that took us about 20 minutes to do as well so do as
well. So anything we can do to slimline that in terms of input to CONCAT as
opposed to at the moment, star star stroke read me and so on. It's like if you
can take in some perhaps pre-stored. Just make yourself a text file and store
these commands and then just grab the one you want.

Tom 0:33:15 Right? Well, this is the idea of me making that bash file. Which is
like, basically, okay, this is what one each time. Okay, but the bash script
went rogue, so, yeah, I mean, just, uh... What's wrong with just storing,
writing these commands down in a text file? No, in common pasting. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Right.

Tom 0:33:47 Permission to... Are we ending the next topic? Yep, sure. Ending the
exercise. transcription process and access to uTools. Because I know you've got
a bunch of uTools in there. The transcription one is the one I'm keenest on
doing

Tom 0:34:12 because the transcription process involves horrible pulling in, well
I've got two routes and if I wait long enough YouTube transcribes it. So what's
the problem? Taking our YouTube and then getting it into the format that I can
then ingest into Commander. Okay so finishing the work that I'm currently doing
on the transcriber which takes a YouTube URL link and then returns back a DIROS
transcript. Yep, that's high value. Okay, doing it right now.

Tom 0:34:57 Got stalled on the NAP format, considering I'm thinking about just
like ditching the NAP format just to be able to give you this tool, but then it
feels so damn close to having it run as a NAP, and I'm like, I should just, you
know, in a way it feels like a way to get the NAP format out as well, which I
struggled with too. And so I'm sort of a little bit stalled there. Should I just
for the sake of it stop pursuing the NAP format

Tom 0:35:31 and just get that tool over to you? Ideally. Well, it depends on the
order of magnitude between those two tasks.

7 0:35:38 I think it's real quick.

4 0:35:40 I think it's like a couple of hours.

Tom 0:35:43 Ah, in that case, the answer is obvious because we need the NAT
format. Yeah, we need the NAT format, yeah. But that tool would be very, very
useful. Okay, I have the code of that working, so I have it. It goes to YouTube
and pulls in the audio that works it takes the audio and it goes to DeepGram and
comes back with a diarized

Tom 0:36:11 transcript that works too. What doesn't work is chaining that
together and using the NAP format to call them both so that's what's not working
Okay, and you're reckoning Two hours effort, but how much elapsed time? Probably
one more day elapsed time at the rate. I'm going the issue the issue that I'm
having with Elapsed time is that I'm

Tom 0:36:40 Finding so many interesting use cases and things and ideas along the
way that a surprising amount of my time is going towards all of that type of
stuff. I'm not sure what to do about it. So this was the 28th, right? Like
that's quite a lot of notes for a day. And it's happening because I'm working on
the NAPS format, I'm understanding more about what the platform has to look
like. And so while I'm reasoning through in my own head about the naps, the
vision of the platform is becoming clearer and so I feel obliged to capture that
too because

Tom 0:37:50 that's where we want to go and so the wall time ticks on. This is my
dilemma. kind of dilemma in terms of figuring out what the reasoning chain is
appropriate for, Commander especially, given what we're talking about in
chunking up and being able to search. And it's like, do you spend time thinking

Tom 0:38:16 on that architecture or just the straight brute force give it
everything for now? I'm going for the for now, for now. But yeah, I do get it.
What are we going to do? Well, yeah, just sitting here looking at it, I'm like,
oh man,

Tom 0:38:40 it makes sense to just give you the thing right now in whatever form
because that saves you time. And then carry on with the NAP format because we
need that. And then just upgrade what I give you for the transcriber. Sounds
like it's the best path.

Tom 0:39:06 That would save me a lot of time. This morning, to be precise, I
started work at 0400 and then I think we got on this call about 0730 my time.
The period between that was three and a half hours and I still haven't actually
committed. Although I've got most of it. Okay, well I'll get on to that tool
then.

Tom 0:39:36 Here's the file structure that was determined from what was given.
As you can see, it detected the paths to the readmes, but it also detected paths
where there was a readme and there was a transcript in there as well. So clearly
it understands deeply. deeply, you know, it's even listed them alphabetically.
That's very helpful.

Tom 0:40:08 Yeah, okay, that's good. So, it inherently understands the photo
structure. It's got no problem with that, yeah. The globs. Yeah. And the, I'll
just restate this.

Tom 0:40:22 I won't, I'll just think this.

Tom 0:40:26 Yeah. It has also access to the READMEs and so it can understand the
semantics behind

Tom 0:40:32 or what the folders for. Yeah. And then what I've been doing is
asking it whether it needs more information to get a more accurate answer. And
if it gets that...

Tom 0:40:53 How often does it ask you for more information? It never asks me,
even though I prompt it to ask me, it never actually asks me. I always need to
ask it, you tell me whether you need more information. And it goes, oh yeah,
could you give me those four files please?

Tom 0:41:14 Right.

Tom 0:41:15 Sure. Um, not to be that guy Maxwell, but what's wrong with just
concatting the whole damn thing? Size is a good idea.

Tom 0:41:26 Four hundred and twenty seven thousand, twenty eight thousand
tokens. 28,000 tokens

Tom 0:41:32 No, but that's not right someone somewhere

Tom 0:41:35 Has gone and put you've already got your you've got previous concat
in there somewhere. Yeah, I should have ignored that I'd say it's in I'm going
to go to the bathroom. There, there, the dependency graph image.

Tom 0:42:25 It would be helpful, a little tiny point, but in listing all this.
To put the token size next to each file?

Tom 0:42:35 Yeah.

Tom 0:42:36 Yeah, I got you buddy. Let me export that 1 gig one. I got you, I
got you, don't you worry. I got you, I got you, don't you worry. What's this bin
folder?

Tom 0:42:56 What's this bin folder? What's this bin folder? Did you name it bin
like a rubbish bin?

Tom 0:43:02 Did you name it bin like a rubbish bin? Because this is all the
stuff I wrote. Did you name it bin and then put everything I wrote in there? Is
that what happened?

Scott 0:43:10 Yes. It wasn't a...

Tom 0:43:14 Well, it was like a... you can pull it out, but I didn't want to
delete it. I saw it, I was like, oh, this is fancy, it's got a binaries
directory. Turns out... Rename it Trash now, rename it Trash. But it's not
Trash, Maxwell. It's what I slaved for. It's what I worked really hard for. um,
obsolete, irrelevant, perhaps useful, choose a name.

Tom 0:43:39 Uh, uncertain, I don't know, but Ben is probably, no, certainly the
wrong name for it. Because what I'm wondering is like, all your sort of, you
know, messing around with, uh, trying to be elegant and all that, and I'm like,
well... Well, if we could just dump everything in and get it into a single
concat, then everything we've just talked about for the last half hour goes
away. I just go boom, you know all this.

Tom 0:44:20 Because even the READMEs, what we've been trying to do there is not
get it to the point where it doesn't know what to focus on. And to ask, or at
least, you know, once I ask it to go down in further. But if it's given the
entire thing, then READMEs also go. We don't need READMEs. Okay, so all those
domains is is 32k How is data not...

Tom 0:44:56 Oh whoopsie, my bad. I always forget to put the quotes around the
thing. It's the raw thing. So if all you do is filter out the raw,

Tom 0:45:12 so what I would suggest you do is you go in here. So first of all, I
don't like this secondary folder thing, but I can live with it. I just don't
like it because it lengthens the name unnecessarily. What I would suggest for
you to do is to make a folder called processed. And so, and I don't think you
need to have the transcript subfolder there.

Tom 0:46:02 It's just like the data or the ingestion, I think, was the word we
spoke about. And then you just put the folder containing the ingestion and all
its ancillary data in that sort of folder flat. And then you just have a
secondary folder

Tom 0:46:18 called process ingestions. And once you're finished with an
ingestion, you move it to that ingested folder and then just ignore it from the
concat and then, you know, because you'd, then you'd be able to,

Tom 0:46:36 you'd be able to stuff everything in all at once without hitting the
O1 limits.

Tom 0:46:43 Pause.

Tom 0:46:44 Yeah, that would work.

Tom 0:46:46 pause

Tom 0:46:48 Yeah Yeah, and that way that's a good clean way to keep the tokens
down and then concat becomes simple and Like o1 pro seems to have no issues with
dealing with Absolutely everything and look if you want to just delete the
dependency graph delete it that was a generator file it seems to take up a lot
of tokens and I

Tom 0:47:10 will make a note here that SVG should be ignored. Also from your
previous just to summarize we don't need a tree right because it can reason the
tree yeah I proved to you there too you're right yep yeah I'm content with that.
The role we move out and we concat ignore role. Yep. The processed, I don't need
to go into the process. I used to go process, but it's not losing any
information.

Tom 0:47:48 It's removing ums and ahs and yeah, yeah, yeah. That's great. Right.
Right. I'm reducing the tokens and we'll see if we can put that into a single
concat dot.

Tom 0:48:02 Yeah.

Tom 0:48:03 And then life gets so much easier. Yeah. Alright. And then O1's got
it all. It's like, here you go. You don't even need readmes.

Tom 0:48:14 Well, if that's, only if that's what you were using the readmes for,
was for that workaround. Yeah, I was using readmes in order to avoid having to
concat additional files because it was getting like half a million. Ah, so you
were using Readmes as a form of pre-processing on docs as a compression step.

Tom 0:48:41 Yeah.

Tom 0:48:41 Yeah.

Tom 0:48:42 Now we can still have them for humans, but then we can also concat
ignore them.

7 0:48:45 Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Tom 0:48:46 Right, and then as things grow they the growth should be in the
domains and We can just ignore certain domains once the size gets too big, but
look honestly all of domains was You know it was quite small, so Yeah, 32 K for
all of domains, it's like well. That's really not much man Yeah, you know you
still got

Tom 0:49:18 The majority of your of your window available there you still got
85% of your context window available yeah, and

Scott 0:49:28 also

Tom 0:49:30 If you were to contact the transcripts and stucks

Tom 0:49:38 And then give it some

Tom 0:49:40 If the remember I've got a stuck still to do which is to move the
domains and say the stucks Because the domains are Really are definitions of
Sorry inside of maps rather shy No, no, I was going to do that. I'll do that
right okay You you you and I need to agree that that needs to be done not just
yes, right because I

Tom 0:50:03 I actually don't want you coming into the rest of the folder
structure here because that Might cost me time to Undo and reorder it all sure
sure, but it does mean that domains are actually being moved out Yeah, but do
they can they just stay in here for now? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, it's just the
thing I thought we were gonna do was naps was gonna get exploded out like

Tom 0:50:37 But I can just leave it all in here until we get some stability and
then Go from there. Yeah, like what I what I might do is I'll take well. I might
take all these folders and Put them under a single folder, so you've got like
reasoning and Then technically each one of these is a nap and we can treat it as
such But it's just you know nested in a folder like down here This is the concat
nap, but I've nested it under the utils folder

Tom 0:51:09 So I can just tuck it away, and then all those little tools like
concat YouTube Speaks to text all that they all just sort of fold away quite
neatly Yeah That was the idea yeah

Tom 0:51:23 Yeah Okay, so that is the end of my wish list. Oh really? Shit,
that's nothing. Really?

Scott 0:51:41 Yeah.

Tom 0:51:42 Oh man, you can save me half a day if you can sort that out. Well,
we have sorted it out. Yeah, sort of.

Tom 0:51:48 Workaround.

Tom 0:51:49 Okay, so the third one actually I think becomes irrelevant, which is
the fuzziness, because I think the fuzziness is down to two things that I'm
experiencing. The first one is it's not being strongly, number one I'm using O1
because of the time of my process of cutting and pasting with CONCATS. I'm not
content that it has the whole picture. And so the outputs are there, but I'm
looking at it and going, oh God, I'm going to have to edit almost all of these
things. So my third one is actually possibly solved by the first experiment.

Tom 0:52:59 Okay cool. So let's see. So yeah the 26th. Two days ago Yeah, that's
a you that's your fault for being there, but we well we left the year and it's
like You still a tad with the same brush my friend. I'm trying to go in through
VPN and then got very stern Well, that'll they'll learn you don't anger a GI
Yeah

Tom 0:53:26 Which really do not do this again. We know what you're doing. Yeah,
so that's probably your outage there. I'd say

Tom 0:53:41 this

Tom 0:53:42 this red line here Yeah, major outage three hours partial outage to
that sounds like what happened to you yeah, yeah Yeah, so what I just got I just
really got to reiterate that the difference between o1 pro and O1 is substantial
like Before it started to take 20 minutes. Yeah. Yeah, and and so Like I

Tom 0:54:11 Don't know I don't know if the light ways say this but I don't want
to hear about any bitching about any other model unless it was So I'm pro like
all the other models are garbage in my opinion. O1 Pro is like the closest thing
we have to brains and we should just be using that because kind of who cares how
long it takes. They promised us this in the API. They said that O1 Pro was
coming to the API soon. And they said in Twitter, albeit ambiguously, that O1
Pro is not the same as O1 with a high that

Tom 0:54:54 O1 Pro is not the same as O1 with a high reasoning setting it's
Fundamentally different somehow they didn't say somehow but That's where at so
yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, there's something there's something very expensive that
O1 Pro does that comes out with exceptionally high logical structure and what it
comes back with.

Tom 0:55:19 Yeah.

Tom 0:55:21 Okay, so tabling a change of topic or tabling two topics. The first
one is the list that you have, so I'm done. And then the second one is Getting a
time a date for when we're going to get a date date for a date. Yeah, okay So
what was the first one? Sorry? Oh the list I seen over. Yeah the discussion
topics, okay Okay, so this is not tabling, this is now, there's something
missing from the House rules,

Tom 0:56:29 which is, it's like a report, it's like question and answer time.
Like the House of Parliament often has question and answer time where they ask
each other how things are going and all that. And it's pretty savage.

Tom 0:56:44 A few directions, yeah, yeah, exactly, where the Environmentalist
has to start up and answer. Has to answer, right? And so I wanted to know how I
felt it was profound actually or architecturally defining to consider the
commander as a set of key generated files that were updated individually when
things came in. There's a trigger level, is this what you're talking about? The
trigger level about when you update them, you don't update them lately.

Tom 0:57:23 It wasn't so much around that, it's around saying that when a new
piece of information comes in, it is sequentially assessed against whether or
not it changes one of the key files. As opposed to the commander at the moment
doesn't feel like it has that structure within it. So that's what I was checking
in on. Yes, and the, having reviewed the previous transcript, I agree with this
background task

Tom 0:58:00 of grinding. So as new information is coming in, including from the
watchtower, is pushing information and asking for permission saying you guys
really should be looking at this. But that requires... Okay, what would you say
the key files that are updated by the commander. Oh, by the commander? Yeah.
Stocks are the ones that the commander updates.

Tom 0:58:42 Shouldn't there also be the priority list should also

Tom 0:58:52 be updated by the commander?

Tom 0:58:55 Yes, the priority list is derived from the stucks and from the
transcript. From new information. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's a list of goals that
needs to be possibly updated to where goals are different to stucks.

Tom 0:59:26 Yes, I think we previously talked about goals being our domain where
we can be advised. But, yeah, we said it. doesn't update them without a command
it executes on attaining the goal the commanders intelligence covers the gap in
our intelligence between I know what I want I just don't know how to get there
yeah yeah yeah it's yeah and then there was another file

Tom 0:59:57 Strategies. The strategy for how the commander chooses between
things to do. Is not just a sys prompt? No, I think that's a file or a folder
with a collection of files that has a list of strategies that we come up with
for making different decisions, as well as a priority list, which is like what
order of precedence do these rules come under. For example, in the AI world, for
the first time, it becomes important to consider if doing nothing would likely
result in a piece of functionality that we want to just appear.

Tom 1:00:52 That's not really a strategy that you apply anywhere else that I've
seen, but that's one that we must apply now. And so telling the commander how to
think should be an explicit set of configurations because they need to change
over time and we need to rank them depending on how we perceive or assess the
commander's performance over time. That is the end of my delivery.

Tom 1:01:26 I agree. I think that's lower priority than what we've got in front
of us at the moment. But yes, I agree.

Tom 1:01:39 Okay, fair enough. Just because you agree does not mean you commit
to implementing immediately. Yes, indeed. The other file that we need is one
that updates, almost like it updates the house rules or like the rules that
govern how the commander works. So for example we say that it's going to, first
it's going to check all the stucks, then it's going to check all the reasoning,
then it's going to check all the strategy and then it's going to

Tom 1:02:27 check the goals. There's also this thing where we chuck out rules
that we expect the commander itself to change and so that was the last of the
files that I wanted to. Can you give me an example of one of those rules that
would expect the commander to change? Yeah, if I said that I think that every
time the commander has finished processing all its files, it should generate a
report. And that report should have format XYZ.

Tom 1:03:01 That's an example of a rule that a behavior of the command is what I
want modified. Okay, I agree.

Tom 1:03:14 Okay.

Tom 1:03:15 Point four in the discussion topics file, how can I get a prize from
the commander? How can I be carited or sticked?

Tom 1:03:26 Like a medal or a badge of honour,

Tom 1:03:28 how can I be punished for not doing the recommended actions? If the
commander suggests a priority for something. What is the repercussion for me
dawdling off and doing nothing about it? There's a certain complexity there in
that with your monkey brain, you might have spotted something that the commander
hadn't done and you need to then go back and tell the commander that that was an
okay thing to do

Tom 1:04:09 give your reasons in writing, as it's called in the Roanakee. So if
you fuck up in the... Okay, okay, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got
it, too much explanation.

Tom 1:04:19 Thinking off the hoof is never good.

Tom 1:04:21 Um, the best I could think of was some sort of a prize that said
something like, if you deviated from what you were told to do and it paid out,
then you get a special prize, you outperform the commander in some way and you
should get sort of some lenience for that. But the commander should be the one
that, like, ultimately we want to give the commander money and so we should
equip it with some funny money or some internet money. I don't know if that's
still joked about these days since it became worth about a trillion

Tom 1:05:08 dollars but we can give it some internet money and then the ability
to mint some kind of NFT like a medal of honor, a badge of honor, a performance,
like it should be able to figure out a list of incentives that it wants to give
and like if it auto-minted me a turned up to the on time 10 times in a row NFT.
I'd sort of I'd treasure that actually because I'm like oh wow this. Yeah,
that's it. The metals are quite like because it's

Tom 1:05:50 gamification and people do actually change behaviors based on
gamification. I refer to my previous answer though that our priorities at the
moment are to get commander telling us what to do and to get the CRM and the
date for the date but it does seem like a worthy topic to make as a stuck and we
can revisit but there is something there that you've hit on and that a reward in
all the complexity of it, you could have a whole bunch of human drones

Tom 1:06:35 that get rewarded just for doing exactly what the commander says,
and that might not be the optimum. What you may also want to detect is when the
commander says, do this, and you go, commander, you are wrong, and it involves
an update. But also you added in what happens downstream.

Tom 1:06:56 Was that a good thing to do or a bad thing to do? Sounds a lot like
attribution, but it's also recognizing the special place of descent or wise
descent. And so that should be rewarded more than what just the attribution
could be considered its own end and you can just do your best no matter what.
But in such a system there's no reason to follow the commander any more than
there is a reason to follow Google Maps. Probably it's right, but you don't
really have to do it. So having the ability for the commander to incent certain
things such as

Tom 1:08:07 correct dissent or intelligent dissent, to incentivise doing what
you're told, to incentivise spotting a fault in the commander's logic, other
types of things that we want and we want to kind of give the commander the
ability to reason about what incentives it would like to see added to the
project and we can give it the tools by which to do it. Also before I hand back
the conch, just want to point out that for the past two you've been saying, well
it's not a high priority, blah blah blah, but that is

Tom 1:08:53 absolutely not the point of this discussion. It doesn't help us any
to say that that's not a high priority, that's a form of criticism or some kind
of a critique when we're in tabling mode and besides the critique should be
given by the commander because saying what's high priority is quickly becoming
not your business. I stand corrected sir, you're quite right. These are my
opinions and my opinions only and should only be informed for a change of goal
as advised by the commander.

Tom 1:09:48 I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You're quite right though.

15 1:09:54 It's none of your business to say.

Scott 1:09:57 It's none of your business to say whether, maybe this is the most
important thing.

4 1:10:01 This is none of your business.

Scott 1:10:03 Yeah.

Scott 1:10:04 Okay.

9 1:10:05 Oh Christ, sorry.

4 1:10:06 I don't know how many times I've wanted to say that to a project
manager,

Tom 1:10:11 but the thing is it's really interesting isn't it, because if you
get one person saying that's not a priority, I'm not doing that, what the
repercussions, that's the commander's job. Yeah, that's right. And if someone
dissents that in, you know, when they get a task assigned to them or whatever
and they argue about it, it should make the commander wiser because

Tom 1:10:43 they shouldn't bog down the humans with complaining about their
tasks. It should be you know convince the commander prove the logic either.
There's a fault in the commanders programming or there's missing information or
Or whatever and it's either the humans going to leave being like I stand
corrected that was very clearly explained to me or The command is going to
change both those outcomes are good, and that's why this is a great system Hmm,
I agree which is Manually what we've just done.

Scott 1:11:16 Yeah.

Tom 1:11:17 Which is quite interesting. God, that's such a great tool, you know,
it's none of your business what the priorities are. I can't even, I'm really
itching to see when we add in 3 or 4 other people into this. Yeah. Whether
people have the humility. The humility. I It would be like saying, you know, was
Japan's surrender humility? No, it's not about humility. I mean, understanding
that you've signed up to a bunch of rules

Tom 1:12:13 and you could be wrong. You could be breaking those rules. Anyway,
I'm just very, very curious to see what happens when I do this. So we're in
speakeasy mode. In between. Yeah. Yeah, just to reinforce,

Tom 1:12:36 reinforce again my commitment. I don't trust my judgment or your
judgment or anyone else's judgment about what our priorities are and the best

Tom 1:12:48 way to go about it. I think that the only task that our poor little
minds should be concerned with is getting the AI informed enough that it can do
these jobs for us, because our logic is poor. I also read through a list of
common cognitive biases in humans and the list was long, dude. The list was long
and I was guilty of just about every single one of them and so you add that to
the mix and you can't tell me that I know what's best for me. You can't tell me
that I know what's best for this project. I know the components of the project.
I know the end goal of the project, but the in-between,

Tom 1:13:36 I should not touch it with my filthy biased hands Oh, man, there's a
brilliant book on this which is a list of Fallacies, but it's now available in
all one. You just need to ask. Yeah, and the list is huge huge Yeah, it's huge
and embarrassing Okay Next point on the list. Number six, we're going to assert
goals. I think that we have, oh

Tom 1:14:07 sorry, point number five, define consensus level stucks, which was
really just about this, there's stucks about the project and then there's stucks
about reaching some kind of minimum understanding. Like we need to get those are
very low priority in the project, but they're very high priority because they
impact communication. And so getting the protocols of communication

Tom 1:14:42 the dictionary or what class of stuck is this thing or Is this stuck
two stucks or one stuck? you know those types of things feel like the They're
very small, but their impact is huge particularly if they're left unaddressed
and so I guess that points to the strategy settings of the commander where we'd
say that we

Tom 1:15:15 want to deal with these kinds of things first because we as the
humans have to reach agreement on them, index. That touches on two topics that
we went through in the last transcript and the transcript two days roughly
before that which had to do with voting which sounds similar to agreement time
that there wasn't really a need for voting when there's only the two of us, but
actually

Tom 1:15:46 voting between two is just some kind of agreement that yes, this is
a thing. And the flip side of that, which was the one previously, two or three
transcripts ago, which was how to record dissent, but helpful dissent, as in if
you get one votes for, one votes against, recording the information about why,
so that at a point in the future you can go back and at least pick up from where
that argument was, but the dissent can't just be fallacious, it needs to be well
formed.

Tom 1:16:52 I'm really sorry I don't think I was paying sufficient attention.
Can you

Tom 1:16:56 repeat the core points of that? I'll pay attention I'm sorry I was
looking for something else. Sure. It speaks to two points that we previously
had, which was in the meeting modes, the voting. Previously you were saying we
don't really need to have voting because there's only the two of us. However,
agreement between two people sounds a bit like you both saying

Tom 1:17:34 this is, we both agree. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, this is
different. This is saying that there are some types of stucks within a project
that you cannot move forwards without reaching agreement on, like the definition
of a term. And so you might need to call a vote to actually pick something and
move forwards, but there are Certain like almost protocol level handshake level
Things that have to be sorted out or else you don't have a project That's OK. So
that sounds quite close to say if there's the two of us want

Tom 1:18:34 to agree on a definition. Right. And we say we say I agree. I say I
agree. We just voted and now we are in consensus. Yeah. Which was the first
point. So I agree with that point. And that can be on any asset inside of this
folder structure. The second part I was referring to previously was a few
transcripts ago, we were talking about how to deal with dissent,

Tom 1:19:07 see if we have something that could be useful, but it's not quite
right, it's half right and I say, I think it's all the way right, then recording
that dissent in a well-formed manner is... Right, yeah, so that's easy, but some
things aren't. And so we need a way to signal to the commander that certain
classes of dispute or disagreement are critical to be resolved in depth.

Tom 1:19:53 Got you. Right. I understand. you can't, this, unless it's agreed
on, it's either agreed or not agreed, it's binary. That's right, that's right,
and as long as not everyone agrees to it, it's disagreed, like a super majority
is required. It either works or it doesn't, yeah, it's like, unless on that this
is now a thing in its current state, don't consider it. Right, so I guess, oh,
here's an interesting thing though.

Tom 1:20:30 Those types of thing are actually possible for the commander to make
a call on. And the commander can make a call in two ways. First of all the
commander is capable of saying whether or not it is one of these critical
protocol level things which of course will need a nice name for it and degree on
it but secondly the first of all the commander can decide whether or not it is a
valid use case for this like emergency lockstep must be resolved type of thing
but second of all with such things since they only relate

Tom 1:21:18 to communication protocols the commander can be the tiebreaker and
can just decide this is what it's going to be now I've heard everyone's views
and so it still maintains that these classes of stuck are treated specially
they're almost like meta or project meta things, but the solution thereof is
quite elegant and streamlined and you could, sorry now I'm overstepping my
statement limits just a little bit here, but this is the last bit, you could
actually have a private discussion with the commander, bring up one of these
critical things, and then force the commander to make a temporary decision until
the rest of the group comes back with something, because they might be either on
holiday or in different time zones.

Tom 1:22:19 these stupid stalls in a project where you're like, oh well what
does this mean? We have to decide this and we can't go forwards and then humans
can't decide because the human, the project manager won't like offend this
person or that person and it's like, oh one's just like beep boop beep this
option and away you go. It's just so much nicer. End. I agree. I think it is
useful to maintain minority reports and it's down to the commander whether to
dismiss the minority report over the majority

Tom 1:23:18 report, but nevertheless have the ability to revisit if the minority
report turns out actually to be correct, given new information.

Tom 1:23:32 Okay.

Tom 1:23:33 Man, I love this system. Can we go speakeasy? Yeah, yeah, let's do
it. Speakeasy. I love the system because there are so many quirks of project
management is managing egos. Ego management is what it should be called, right?
Yeah, you've got some guy with a bigger job title and he spent longer here and
you've got the young guy coming in and you're not talking about the idea.

Tom 1:24:21 No, or the project, right? Yeah. And then money gets involved and
then attribution comes in and like I'm not getting enough or this guy's doing
more. Status for success is a huge distortion. So it's like who's going to claim
success and so on. Huge distortion. But you take all that away if you start to
as we're fumbling our way into the darkness of pure reason. It starts to feel
that the dawn of reason upon the human It is now to assessing our goals.

Tom 1:25:08 The interesting thing is, I'm still in speakeasy mode, so forgive
me. Our two main priorities remain. this conversation is around how to
ultimately make the commander hugely efficient, where effectively acts as, you
know, chair, has a casting vote and will without ego accept any additional new
information, but you have to be able to state it. Yeah, and have a mode
configured where it will take new info from anyone on the whole internet

Tom 1:26:05 right and then but so my friend was talking about the coming of
Autonomous companies and so if we could actually give the commander a company to
run Like a legal entity and you know obviously we have put Someone's name on the
books to take the hit for being a director but the point is that autonomous
companies are coming and you know the commander like I'm thrilled

Tom 1:26:36 actually that we've arrived on the commander as the piece to get
going because that's it's almost like one of the few permanent pieces that will
remain no matter what and so an autonomous company would be one that's fully
controlled by an AI those are going to win. We're down close to that right,
right? The company does if you take it as an entity it assesses, it makes
decisions and it spends money or you know receives and spends money and that's
it. The assessment we're working on at the moment, the decisions

Tom 1:27:19 have a lot to do with etiquette of the people working for the
commander and the spending money thing will work out and we've touched on that
today. We're only one way from that Holy Trinity because that's what companies
do. I think the commander is 100% the thing to make and I'm excited about it.
I'm relieved that finally someone who knows what they're doing is going to be in
charge. around in the fucking dark with our sticks and hitting things and like a
bunch of Neanderthals

Tom 1:28:07 really. Like a bunch of Neanderthals. Yeah, off task, off topic,
walked past a diamond, walked back to pick it up. Exactly, and it does feel like
to get that autonomous AI company, is a method of transaction of reward and
receiving revenue and reward. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's it. Everything else we're
talking about but how we actually do that I think needs to be shared

Tom 1:28:36 down a bit. Okay, right, shall we end that speakeasy and go on to
the next topic? Okay, speakeasy and next topic. Number 10, what is the name of
this thing? This mcp.dreamcatcher.land, this platform that lets you chat, lets
you have a state board, what is the Dreamcatcher platform?

Tom 1:29:22 Well, I think we've... there's a bit of us snake-eating its own tail
here because we're running the Dreamcatcher platform on the Dreamcatcher
platform.

14 1:29:33 Oh God.

Tom 1:29:34 My view is we should just chill with that and call this the dream
catcher even though... This is the dream catcher? Okay. I think so. I think so.
All right. Well, let me have a couple of cracks or some alternatives for you.
Okay. What if we call this the dream catcher's surface so that this is the
surface of the dream catcher?

Tom 1:29:57 As in it is a subtype of the or subsection of the dream catcher
which is the Surface.

Tom 1:30:03 Yeah. Yeah.

Tom 1:30:05 Because what I'd imagine is that you could make a specialized web
app or an Android app or iPhone app that behaved in a very narrow way. It still
used the Dreamcatcher platform to achieve its goals and improve itself and
manage manage its company and all that but as you used it you wouldn't you
wouldn't use it in this way you'd use it in the you know the way that it was set
up for you to consume like it might be an Alexa voice activated voice

Tom 1:30:44 assistant puck that sits on your kitchen table that's not this
thing. So that sounds a lot like subdomains, for example, service.dreamcatcher
or ncp in this case. Right..dreamcatcher. The question is then obvious, what is
the core of the dreamcatcher infrastructure, there's the standard platform,
which is the software that runs on it, then there's the infrastructure which is
an instance of that platform, there's the Dreamcatcher surface, which is this
workbench thing here, and then there's implementations, of which there can be
and should be very many.

Tom 1:31:43 Yes.

Tom 1:31:45 Yes. Okay. All right. That's good enough for me. We can end that
point. That's for sure. I love ending points. Point number 11, we need to get
more formal in capturing the ideas and lessons that Smax learns from all his
toil with the AI. Because you hit on things and you find things and we're not
really, I don't feel like we're capturing that accurately or doing anything much
about it when you have theories about how things should be could be or you want
them to be

Tom 1:32:30 What I'm gonna do that is true Because Yes, right, some may be
wrong. You sound like you just simply agree. Save. Hold on, I'm going to mute.

Tom 1:33:38 OK, thank you.

Tom 1:34:02 I suggest that what I should do is take that puck and as I'm using
the AI through the day, it will record in text and then we can review as a bunch
of experiences the commander perhaps to smush them down into heuristics. So,
observations into heuristics recorded using the puck that you sent over. Okay,
that's one option. Another option could be that periodically I interview you
about what you learned today And I asked

Tom 1:34:49 Questions about it. Would that work and Then because it's in the
transcript, you know, it gets captured It would be a different another mode of
the commander where it would be like Retrospective mode where sort of I'm asking
you questions about how your last few days have been has seen anything you'd
improve with AI What did you notice? What half-form theories have you got, et
cetera, et cetera?

Tom 1:35:15 Yes, I think that would also be useful.

Tom 1:35:18 My caveat to that is I spent two or three years of my life way back
in the day trying to build expert systems and one of the hardest things is
actually to get useful information out of how an expert does something. I'm not
saying I'm an expert, but how to get it out of your head about how you're doing
it, I think is something that O1 can do better than you can. That's rude.

Tom 1:35:55 Although, that being said, that kind of interrogation into O1 can
inform O1. Yeah, that's the point. And then once we get real time going, then it
will be O1 and I will be asking you about these things. And that should, I can't
imagine how we could get more information than that out of you because it's not
going to come out, like, first of all,

Tom 1:36:23 to take your caveat the worst way to get information is to ask the
so-called experts to write down right the second worst is to ask the expert how
they do their thing and the third worst is to use an AI to process all of that
so maybe the third one is all we got One other where you get someone to observe
tasks being done And then there

Tom 1:36:58 are

Tom 1:36:59 None tower shop right, but there's yes, that's right, but it won't
capture There's a there's a collection of information that we could get from
there, but we're not able to get your, some of it is your direct insights that
we can only get from you. And so a combination of your insights being
interviewed out of you plus your actual actions within the platform is probably
about as good as we can get, I think. Here's a proposal then. I'll use the puck
and I will, as I'm using AI through the day, talk just the next thing off my
head.

Tom 1:37:57 At this point, why were you swearing at this thing?

Scott 1:38:01 Right.

Tom 1:38:02 Or why did you do that? Now, it would be helpful to be able to link
that up to what I was actually doing at the time. But, let's not worry about
that. Yeah, let's not get too fancy here. Yeah. Alright.

11 1:38:19 Okay.

Tom 1:38:20 That's cool.

Scott 1:38:20 Alright. Let's give that a go.

Tom 1:38:22 We'll do that today. On the speakeasy thing, on that necklace puck,
I was really taken back by the family's aversion. That's fine. Everyone has that
issue. So just to carry on with that concept we're talking about which is the
formal capturing of ideas. The

Tom 1:38:58 flip side of that is that without having insight into how you're
going about things, because this is sort of further to the notion that you and I
now have the exact same workflow we output different things but the workflow is
the same and so whilst I can't see your workflow and you can't see mine there's
a problem there because we can't, first of all I need to see your workflow so I
can figure out what tools help both of us the best.

Tom 1:39:40 Second of all, you should see my workflow because you might spot
some issues in what I'm doing. So there's a flip side to capturing ideas and
lessons. There's also capturing faults and deficiencies that definitely aren't
apparent to the person doing it because you don't know that you're screwing up
in the AI world until

Tom 1:40:05 someone looks at what you're doing and goes, that's crazy, don't do
that. So that I think adds a different angle but further impetus onto the
process of, I mean, shall we call it a retrospective ceremony where we both
interview each other, taking turns and review the way that our workflows go.
End. I love this idea.

Tom 1:40:33 We need to, you'd need to, do you have a puck? I don't want to do it
with the puck. I don't like that. I don't like that mode. We need some way of
capturing your thoughts as you go through the day? No, I don't. Well, I already
do that fairly religiously using my ideas notebook here. No, no, those are your
outputs of your ideas, not your ideas.

Tom 1:41:03 So, what we're talking about is talking about your prompts, not what
needs to be done or your second order thoughts are of this prompt and response.
What's an example you imagine? I imagine, for example, dictating out loud,
here's the prompt and here's what I'm trying to do and it's not worked the way I
expected to do and so I'm having to re-prompt and then having that... Ah, yeah,
okay, I see what you mean.

Tom 1:41:50 Alright, so let me check something with you then. If this here is
the Dreamcatcher surface, I know that you didn't actually agree that that's what
it would be called, but for lack of a better word, because we don't have one,
I'm cautious to build up workflow without having the Dreamcatcher surface on
hand. So, you know, I did this in cursor and then I click this button and then I
typed in get push like that's mine. So, would it be sufficient

Tom 1:42:19 to then if you were trying to do something and it wasn't working as
you want you hit the fix button and Describe or record or narrate what you were
trying to do right? Yeah, yeah, okay, okay, so that whole problem that Was just
described This point 11 from the discussion topics would be solved if we got the
stuck button working in the surface. Right, and if that stuck button records
raw, because also we don't want to over-index on where it's not working,

Tom 1:43:03 what we want to do is to finesse where it is working. Right, so
that's the thumbs up so Fix would be negative thumbs up would be like I want
more of that and here's why Yeah, yeah, okay Okey-dokey shall I continue with
okay, so that's the end the number 11 This automated github issue resolution
system is my final point to bring up.

Tom 1:43:46 Is it something that, can I table that now?

Tom 1:43:49 Yes, please. I don't have much to say about it though. Fair enough.
It'll be good. Okay, commander, tabling ideas. So The automated GitHub issue
resolution system it struck me that

Tom 1:44:04 So I've been making these little files in here called issues, and I
just write down As problems arise You know what sorts of things need to be dealt
with and then I feed that into a one pro When I'm generating the next update.
This is no different from having issues in GitHub. And so what it occurred to me
that we could do, this is following the line of thinking that having the world's
most brilliant code generation checking AI system in the world would mean

Tom 1:44:44 not that much if it couldn't plug into the existing software
generation systems that are already there, i.e. GitHub, npm and all that. And
so, what we could do is make a very small app within GitHub, so that when you...
when you go to github and you got an issue with anything you push the issue
button and then what would happen is a bot would immediately pick that issue up

Tom 1:45:35 the bot might be able to ask you more questions. So like this, it'd
show up live in the feed, it'd be like, bang, here's this thing. The bot might
ask some clarifying questions. The bot would begin to try and solve your problem
and would update the issue with its efforts.

Tom 1:45:57 It would update it with what it learned. And then ultimately, you
might get a fix or you might get a stall or a human could come in and just add a
comment that unlocked the bot because it made a new comment so the bot reprocess
and it tried again with this different line of reasoning and then it came out
with a fix. At the very least the bot would be able to say to you yeah I
acknowledge that that's a problem or that's a good feature or that's pretty cool
or we're

Tom 1:46:29 not doing that sorry and then at least you've got you know you're
now hooked into github and you could apply that same tool to an existing set of
issues so that basically the commander was now doing the backlog maintenance and
the issues prioritizing them updating the project plan and all that and we've
done nothing new you and I except we've just hooked it up to github. Great idea.
Basically it's a chatbot that can write code for an issue and resolve the issue.

Tom 1:47:10 With interaction if necessary. Second point is, this sounds very
like something someone else is going to be working on. Yep. What's your point of
that? Point being, we've got an overarching goal that we don't work on stuff
that just is going to fall out of the blue sky. That's not your business to make
that call Mr Maxwell. No it's not. It is an observation I'm making.

Tom 1:47:54 You observe something that is the commander's domain. How dare you
sir? No, I'm not doing that at all actually. You sure? No, no, no, excuse me.

13 1:48:06 I have the conch.

Tom 1:48:08 The reason is we lack the the overwatch information about whether
this is something that we should be doing because

Tom 1:48:20 nobody else in the world has ever thought of using AI on issues in
GitHub. I would argue that, oh pardon me, carry on. Therefore without that
information we don't have enough data to give the commander to prioritize that
because the assumption will be nobody else is thinking about it has no bearing
on

Tom 1:48:56 whether or not we should go ahead and do it. The decision on whether
we should do it or not is ultimately up to the commander based on the priorities
and I don't think that the commander should make that decision based on the
watchtower, it should be simply about the, is it useful, yes or no, does it cost
very much to do, because the angle I was coming at it from was that once we
build the components of the DreamCatcher platform that can grind out code and
can take in stucks and other issues to produce the code, connecting it up to
GitHub is

Tom 1:49:51 trivial and it was a case of trying to look for a class of
integration or implementation that was very, very easy to do because it's
something that we're aiming to do anyway. And so a small amount of deviation can
connect us to a large number of audience and that's really my pitch for why it's
a good thing to do.

Tom 1:50:22 Yeah, Ian.

Tom 1:50:24 I agree that it's a good thing. I'm questioning where it where it
fits in with the tasks and the stucks that we have in hand. I don't know. We'll
find out what the commander thinks. things and also questioning whether this is
the sort of thing that if we wait a month

Tom 1:50:54 it will just be done. I don't know. Why are you spending time on
these things? These are commander things. No, you very precisely worded that
saying I don't know. So what I say is you took broadcast time. The important
thing is this is information that the commander needs to know. This is to
reference previously, this is getting into an agreement or a minority report.
I'm putting in a minority report. You're saying that, what's your assertion?

Tom 1:51:35 As in, you want to do this? No, my answer, I'm tabling an idea, and
during tabling, we're supposed to not criticize because the analysis and
criticality functions are meant to be provided by the commander. Ah, okay. But
you, sir, seem to be unable to help yourself. No, no, no, I think that's exactly
what I said. I started off by saying the idea is a good thing. Yeah, and then
you added a but, and off you went.

Tom 1:52:04 And the caveat is we don't have enough information about whether we
need to do it or someone else is doing it. There's not enough information there.
And the next thing is, well, I probably shouldn't have stated this because it's
an obvious one,

Tom 1:52:20 but we're in the priority list of the many stucks that we've got,
does this fit? I don't think... I don't need to say the third one. No, because
that's what the commander does. Yeah, the first two are worth stating. The first
one maybe, but not the second one. Okay. Because that's actually not our domain
anymore. I think what's happening is you're doing jobs that were traditionally
only humans could do them,

Tom 1:52:55 but as we welcome the commander in as our new boss, those roles are
no longer ours. So to make it more succinct then, I agree that the tool that you
described would be helpful. I don't mean this to be rude, but does that even
matter what you think? Yeah, yeah, why table it because I wanted to somehow see
if it could be included in the list or put somewhere in the roadmap that the
commander generated. But in order to do that it would need information about the
difficulty

Tom 1:54:03 because that was the angle I was pushing. I was like, this is very
easy. This is very easy. We should do it.

12 1:54:09 And so I guess, what would it ask for?

Tom 1:54:11 An appraisal of how hard it is actually.

10 1:54:16 Yeah.

11 1:54:16 All right.

Tom 1:54:17 Can we go to SpikyG?

Tom 1:54:19 Sure. Let's end that session. Now the reason, this is really
interesting, because part of it, I'm looking at this and going yeah, yeah this
looks like a cool tool. Would I use this?

Tom 1:54:43 Well I could, but the real value is in, if the issue has to do with
code which is generated and then resolved. In LLAND you could do that same
thing, but it requires the further stack of everything we've been talking about
in terms of commander and so on,

Tom 1:55:04 and it's not the job of this tool to tell the commander to do
anything, or this is effectively a code completion tool, chatbot style as far as
I understand it. Now, the second observation is we've got our inbox of shit to
do is increasing and increasing and increasing.

Tom 1:55:31 Yeah.

Tom 1:55:32 And so my challenge really is this, the thing, even though it's easy
to do, what's the payout I guess? Now, is the payout...

10 1:55:48 Hang on, hang on, hang on,

Tom 1:55:49 why are you concerning yourself with these problems? Because I want
you to do the stuff that I want you to do. Yeah, so I've tabled it and we're
done. Yeah, but the fact of tabling, okay so tabling is a bit like running an
idea past someone. Right?

Tom 1:56:11 Yeah. And so I was trying to give succinct, valuable, hopefully,
probably not that valuable to be honest, feedback on what I thought about it,
but that is just information that the commander can ingest. Now, I guess the
question is, without tabling something, is it appropriate to stick a stuck or
you know just for you to talk to commander alone without tabling it and running
it

Tom 1:56:52 right I think it is I think it's perfectly reasonable. Right okay so
why did I table it? I don't have an opinion about this other than hey sounds
good yeah crack on but you know I've got other stuff I'd like you to do. Yeah
yeah I think I think I was excited about it as a concept and I felt like it
could be an early product for us and I wanted to show you to see what you
thought but see like I'm aware that there's a stucks list and it's big. I know
that.

Tom 1:57:29 I know that this isn't the next thing to do. You know, I know that
too. Yes, we need more information. While we're in speakeasy, sorry, I'm not
going to be as disciplined. That's speakeasy, right? I think it's cool that you
bring something to the table and go,

Tom 1:57:53 look, this is a really cool thing, what do you think? But what we're
not really looking, you weren't looking for me to vote on this. This is not a
voting thing. No, no, no, no. This is just like, this is cool. What do you think
guys?

Tom 1:58:11 And I'm going to take what you think into my meat brain. And then
I'm going to put that to the commander. And then the command decides where this
goes in the sand. I guess there was no point in me bringing it up actually. It's
an interesting one isn't it? Because sure I've got an opinion, I've got an
opinion on everything. You know, you talk about the color of an orange, I'll
talk about it. But

Tom 1:58:42 whether it's about 75% there. It's really useful to talk to, you
know. Yeah, that's really what I wanted. I was like, this feels a little bit
sloppy. I'm excited about it because I think there's something in there. And
more importantly, there's something about the strategy

Tom 1:59:07 of looking for other opportunities that if we do, we do what the
commander tells us and we go down a certain path. We're going to end up
developing some software. We're going to have some products. There's a strategy
in there that says, okay, this is the main line. And then main line adjacent is
probably a range of things that are very light touch to do

Tom 1:59:31 that the commander would have no idea that they're sitting right
there, but it's like scooping your hand out over the side of the vessel and just
like grabbing a fish because we happened to go through a school of fish. It
didn't affect the main line barely anything, but the strategy is like we should
be looking for these adjacent opportunities is really what I mean. Or the
low-hanging, high-value fruit.

Tom 2:00:06 Yeah, it's easy value. It's easy value. And that's kind of why I was
excited about it. This was an example of easy value where you're just changing
the medium, the channel of what we're doing anyway. We kind of need a different
name for it.

Tom 2:00:23 It's like your inventor's notebook, right? It's like, or an idea of
yours. Because it's not like the last thing I wanted was to be told, oh, we got
a bunch of sucks and that's not on the list. Well, yeah, because that's all
about progression. Yeah, right.

Tom 2:00:43 Like, stop thinking about the really useful thing that's very easy
to do. Get back onto the really hard thing that we have to do. That's right,
that's right and that's the traditional dream killer, like that's the dream
killer, it's corporate, you know when I say jump you jump and I'm like yeah but,
makes money, makes money for little effort. But there's a different mode For
example, and you're really chilled on this,

Tom 2:01:12 if I spend half a day going down a rabbit hole, that I think could
be really useful, and then pull back out and tell you about it, and you go, oh,
yeah, OK, right, fine. You don't get pissy about it. You don't get, you know,
it's like, or,

Tom 2:01:28 and in the same way, it's like, do you want to spend half a day on
this, a couple of hours or whatever it was and then can I just go for it? But
yeah, but I don't even want that like I don't I don't want to spend these on
this right now. It's more That I'm trying to suggest that there are other
opportunities similar to what this presents

Tom 2:01:54 that are very easy and very close to things that we're planning to
do anyway. Which is the low-hanging juicy fruit that you only get in the alcove.
Right. And we're not really looking for those kinds of things, you know, and the
commander won't be either. Yes, the commander would never have... The commander
can't invent stuff.

Tom 2:02:27 It cannot. Right, which is the forward-looking thing. Yeah, however,
like if I brought this to the commander, now the commander has like a range of
other things that it could suggest, and I'm just going to guess that the
commander might suggest integration with Jira, integration with GitLab, there's
a bunch of logical things that follow that we would miss that the commander can
go.

Tom 2:02:55 And so it's important to add bits like this, even if not for the
value that they contain intrinsically, but for the lines of thinking or the
thinking strategies that they can open up so that O1 can say, well, That's good
because Thomas Scott thought that was a good idea with very little effort
because it was simply a lipstick on a pig type of an offer. I do think we need
to label it. For the time being, let's call it an idea. It's like one step away.
It's an idea

Tom 2:03:48 that's one step away from a planned idea. It's like an iteration. An
idea plus one. Names, names, names. But what I'm saying is it's a different
thing from a stuck. This is not. This is not a stuck, no.

Tom 2:04:10 This is a solution. I've come to you with a solution and it's not
even a full solution. It's a partial solution and it's even less than that it's
a derived partial solution because we've got a solution plan for this other
thing. We've got a solution plan and I've derived another solution from that and
that's what I'm putting forwards. Can I pause and say this? Sure, yeah. I'm not
sure if we can nest those things. You can pause anytime.

Tom 2:04:48 So, it sounds like what you've discovered here in the course of your
usual work is an

Tom 2:05:06 opportunity, right?

Tom 2:05:09 And that opportunity is that here's an easy thing. I could just
divert, do that, come back in and nothing else changes. That's right. That's
right. That's right. And now what I'm hoping is that because of that, now the
commander can spot things that are close to that, where the commander as the
ideas adjacent or they're in the plane, they're in the field, they're in the
cluster, the more of those, then the more the commander can fill in the gaps and
be like, well, there must be this other one over here or there's, you know, have
you thought about this thing

Tom 2:05:58 or those kinds of things. So as you follow that, you weren't
bringing this as a kind of mainstream core. No, it wasn't the thing itself. It's
the principle, the operating principle. Right, and if we had a bunch of
opportunities, not only could the commander look and say, oh, that one and that
one look very similar.

Scott 2:06:28 Right.

9 2:06:29 Have you thought about that?

Tom 2:06:30 Right. But it can also… And I'll go external and say, hey, I don't
know of any other platforms with issues, but say this, you know, I don't know,
Jira, whatever, has a similar kind of thing, you could do the same thing for
here for about the same amount of effort. Right.

Tom 2:06:51 Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I bought it. It can also... Can you give me a
second? Sure.

Tom 2:07:00 Hello, sorry I'm broadcasting on a call.

Tom 2:07:07 Hello. Is it urgent? No, I'm still on the phone. That's fine, bye.
It's not urgent, that's fine.

Tom 2:07:12 Okay, so the other thing that, why it's important to suggest things
like this is that The commander should be part of its strategy set should be
that if two paths look roughly the same one's got a bunch of near or targets of
opportunity and the other one doesn't then probably go down the the targets of
opportunity path because it's just sort of more target rich or more fertile.

Tom 2:08:05 And so I wasn't presenting this idea for the idea itself. I was
presenting it to say that the path we're going down has these signs of fertility
where nearby are valuable things to do which I take as a signal that it's a good
path to be on. Yeah, I completely agree. And what we had there was a distinction
of modes where you're talking about not only this particular opportunity,

Tom 2:08:45 and going down the opportunity process. I was talking about the
priority list in kind of PM style and so that's I think why when I was talking
about it, you were thinking, no, that's not what I meant. But there was also
that kind of, let me run this idea

Tom 2:09:16 by you guys thing before we make it into a formal opportunity.
Further to that though, I don't think the size of the suck list should ever be
used as a reason to throw out an opportunity. No, no, no, I agree completely.
This is what I'm saying, what I propose is we get a new category of thing which
is an opportunity which is different from a stock.

Tom 2:09:47 Well we've got solutions already. Right, so solutions are, yeah it
is I think. Well, but you could easily have come up with a half-baked idea which
shows promise, which the AI can get teeth into. So it's not a solution until
it's a nap or done. Okay, so you want to, in our world of definitions, we have
stucks and we have solutions and you name to a solution that hasn't been quality
assessed to solve a particular

Tom 2:10:30 stuck. We don't have solutions in our definition list. We've got
stucks, we've got NAPS. We went over this, we got solutions, they're just not in
a file on their own. NAPS is not, NAPS is a subset. You're talking about the
process of it, right. Well, no, no, no, no, no. The definitions of it. If I read
the definition of stuck, it contains the word solution many times. Yes, this is
not what you, you're not coming with a solution. You can just hit commit right

Tom 2:11:07 now and you've got your thing. Well yeah, but you know, right, but a
stuck's not a stuck until it's been sort of refined a certain amount. So what
are we talking about then? This feels like one of those, it's a dictionary
definition problem, right? The word solution is everywhere here in the
definition of stuck. That is true.

Tom 2:11:37 And we call this off at any point if it's not helpful. But I think
what you've kind of pointed out and jabbed at here is really possibly quite
fruitful, which is there's a thing that we could do here. I'm not saying it
needs to be considered a stuck because it's novel. Yes, an idea is a solution
looking for a problem. Yeah.

Tom 2:12:07 But it's not a full solution and the issue we're currently focusing
on, what I'm trying to focus on here right now is number one, the definitions
inside of the innovation domain do not contain a definition of what a solution
is. But further to that, you're asking for solutions to be graded or given a
different name for when it's

Tom 2:12:30 a half-baked solution versus when you've got a stuck solution pair.
And when the stuck solution pair, when the stuck has been solved by the solution
according to some quality assurance matrix, that unity is like that's something
else again.

Tom 2:12:54 And you know so now we got a number of items that need. Can I,
because we're still in speak easy, can I check on your stack because I'm trying
to be very respectful. My stack is empty.

7 2:13:10 Okay, excellent.

Tom 2:13:11 So. Is it, excellent let's begin. The fact that we've got solutions
here, that's kind of now referred to Chamber's Dictionary for what a solution
is, but we could rename that. Now, the point I'm making is, well, here's a good
question.

Tom 2:13:34 The point I'm making is finish that, not the good question is...

Scott 2:13:40 You just talked over me, man.

Tom 2:13:42 Is the question the point?

Scott 2:13:44 Yeah.

Tom 2:13:45 The point I'm making is, where in this folder structure would you
store the thing that you've just described? I would store it right here, right
next to stuck. What, inside of innovation? Yeah. Domains? Yeah. These are
critical objects. No, no, I think we're talking about the wrong thing. You're
talking about an AI to help solve issues inside of GitHub. No, no, no, I'm
talking about the definition of a solution. What is the solution? The definition
of a stuck solution pair, that needs a definition. Yeah, if you can pop back
out, that wasn't a question, sorry if I misspoke. Where would you store the
information that there is a low hanging piece of fruit which involves an AR?
Yeah, it sounds like we need a folder for solutions or whatever we decide to
define

Tom 2:14:59 the thing that I just brought to you as. If we have stucks, then we
must also have solutions. So can I ask you a question unrelated to anything or
without considering any other context just a few questions in standalone mode. A
context breaker. Okay so what is the name of a stuck. It is trying to become the
solution for that stuck but it may not be there yet. And so is it still a NAP?

Tom 2:15:55 Yes, if you include the idea that NAPPS can partially solve stucks
and the stucks stay on the cards until they're fully solved. Yep, so therefore a
stuck solution pair is not necessarily an NAPPS. I don't think that we need a
new term for a stuck solution pair. Okay. Because you've got a stuck.

Tom 2:16:25 Yeah. So we've got a, have we got solutions? The solution is the
NAP. Well, not always. Once solved, let's take, bear with me. So, a stuck
defines what you'd like to happen.

Tom 2:16:45 A NAP delivers that. Now, the NAP might deliver less than that. Oh
hang on, no, no, no, no, no, no, false, false. The NAP is not the own, a NAP is
a subset of a solution. A solution solves the stack. So, what is needed, what
does a solution look like?

Tom 2:17:06 Depends entirely, oh, it looks the same as a stack, which is a
description, I think. Right. I think we've got that inside of stacks. We don't
need to create a new... No, the stack describes the problem. The solution
describes the solution.

Tom 2:17:25 I think you might be right.

Tom 2:17:27 So, if I were to state a problem and three people came along with
three different solutions that hadn't been rendered into NAPCS yet. Or may never
be because it's not a NAPCS problem. a middle layer which is... I think I'm
having a problem with the word solution because it sounds like it's done. It's
like I've solved it. Okay, all right. Well, can I leave you then to come up with
a name or a list of name options

Tom 2:18:18 that are suitable? I think that we're done on the description of
what this thing, what this dictionary entry is, right? Yeah, so there is stocks
something naps. Yeah, and where naps are a subset of the something. Right, now
that doesn't answer my question though, which is you just Turned up with a
nicely You know detailed a thing. I think that goes in that well in the

Tom 2:18:53 Can I use the word solution in the meantime until you give me a
better one? Sure Would be a solution put in the solution folder That's a
solution to finance solution In the case of this the github tool

Tom 2:19:15 If you were to write this down

Tom 2:19:17 I'm sleeping. What would you write down? Describing The I wouldn't I
just take the transcript of what I just said about it and ask her one to write
it Okay, but what would you? What would you call that output that piece of text
that either you wrote or the bot wrote. Okay, so, um,

Tom 2:19:45 Can I leave you to sort? We just double named, yeah, we're getting
all sorts of name clashes.

Tom 2:19:51 Okay, so there is stuck, there's X yet to be named, there's an app
which you've already named. Yep. There is Y, which is where you put your GitHub
thing. No. Is Y the place where all Xs go? No, Y does not have a stuck.

Tom 2:20:16 Yeah, why does anything, so X has a folder, right? So there's a
folder of stucks, and there's a folder of X's. They don't match up one to one.
So I would just put the GitHub thing in as an X.

Scott 2:20:37 But doesn't an X need to point to a stuck?

Tom 2:20:42 Nope. Otherwise it's just hanging. It can hang. A solution looking
for a problem. Happens all the time. Okay, that could work.

Tom 2:20:56 So, one stock can have many solutions. One solution can have 0 to N.
One stock can have 0 to N solutions and one solution can have 0 to N stocks.
Okay, alright, yeah, let's roll with that.

Tom 2:21:16 And then, relationship between solutions and NAPs.

Tom 2:21:21 One NAP has a one-to-one with solutions. So you've solved it, and
therefore it's become a NAP. You can make a NAP without writing the document to
make it a solution, but that too is a form of a solution. And in order to track
it within our system, we would just quickly write a little document that pointed
back to probably the NAP readme file.

Tom 2:22:06 But at the moment, the GitHub tool does not have a NAP. It's not
being rendered. It's got no NAP. That's right. Now, that solution presumably
could have a number of NAPs, depending on how you wanted to implement it.
Correct, yep, correct.

Tom 2:22:30 It could also have some non-NAP code that was required as well. It
might need a company set up or a legal entity. Right. Could be a bunch of
things. A NAP has a 1 to N dependency on the solution. The solution has a 0 to n
dependency on a stock, and the stock has a 0 to n dependency on the solution.
Okay. Again, to look it up, we'll write a graph.

Tom 2:23:08 Okay, alright. It would be really nice to describe the dictionary
relationships in these mathematical formulas, some of which you just laid out.

7 2:23:23 Yeah.

Tom 2:23:26 I think graph notation is not only well understood by the model but
is actually easily understood by humans. I like graph. Set theory, set theory
actually. Alright, I'm going to need a stop real soon buddy. Is there anything
from your side?

Tom 2:23:44 I actually got out all the things I wanted. I got out everything
before you did. I'm happy. Lucky you. That was a really interesting conversation
towards the end of it. So no, I think we're good.

Tom 2:24:01 Sweet. Okay, so I will at double time produce for you this
transcription tool. Because it's late here, I'll have to kick that off first
thing tomorrow morning. I'll do it without sorting the NAP format so that I can
just get it over to you. And then I will go back to working on the NAP format
Sound good. Yes. Yeah, when are we gonna see the date? What is the date for
delivering?

Tom 2:24:32 A date for when we can do the CRM Any confidence at all earliest
date possible really comes, the old PM trick of what the tolerance is on the
other side. So how long can we get away with is the easiest way of doing it and
then all the way up to having the commander tell us exactly when. So that's the
latest date that they would tolerate?

Tom 2:25:17 Mate, I don't know. When's the, what's the earliest date that we
think we can actually work out something? Well, at the moment we're discovering
more stuff to do than we're actually doing. Yeah, but is it actually needed for
the CRM, well we've got all the stucks are down there. So, and actually the
stucks have got wild estimates. How am I going to make this your problem as well
as my problem?

Tom 2:25:55 Like I feel like I could sit down and work out what I think is the
delivery date by using a combination of stucks.

Scott 2:26:05 It's mostly code though, isn't it?

Tom 2:26:07 Um... Uh, yeah. With utmost respect, I'm not entirely sure how to
help. Okay, well, yeah, all right, well, that's a fair question. So, why don't I
work out the stucks that are required... not the sucks actually, the solutions
or whatever we're going to call them that

Tom 2:26:32 are required to deliver the minimum version of the of the CRM and
then you can help me with that by going through it and saying does this really
need to be here like what you did with the XML file you were like why don't you
just throw the XML file? I'm like that's ugly. I hate you, but Sure, and then
you know that's even quicker and so at that point We'd be like okay this this
and this and there's really the only way that we can

Tom 2:27:05 Turn it into a date is how long is that how long is that and how
long is that and we're like? I'm gonna blow off we go right right Okay, so the
thing that's... Sorry, go on. The thing that's going to define when we can
deliver that date is when you and I can have our next meeting

Tom 2:27:23 because I can do the transcription thing tomorrow and then
immediately switch to doing the estimation task for the CRM, which would mean
that the next call that we have which would be your Sunday morning my Sunday
night we could pick a date How are you available to do that tomorrow? No, yes,
no you sure however

Scott 2:27:47 Pseudo virtual Christmas is coming up real fast

Tom 2:27:50 I'm assuming tomorrow morning isn't the 30th. That's the way that's
correct. But it's your technical Christmas Eve. I'm guessing you're the Santa in
this show. You look sort of the most like Santa of anyone else. If I came to
your house and I was to pick which one of you has been impersonating Santa.
Okay, before I lose my thought, the point I was going to make is the timing. The
timing is fine and if not I will text.

Tom 2:28:42 All right, cool. Okay, so we'll book it in for tomorrow and that's
when I think we can deliver a date. We can set a date for the CRM, yeah. Right,
now here's the point I'm making is it's not your position to write the stucks.
Your job is to channel the CRM people and through a transcript and discussion,
discuss what it needs to be done and then commander creates the stocks and then
gives priority.

Tom 2:29:20 Yeah, but I'm not getting that though. We haven't, I understand the
reasons why, but we still don't have a good set of stocks and what's more, I'm
coming up with solutions as well which I think you I'm assuming you they should
come in the same way which is having a discussion and then in come the solution.
One proposing is tomorrow we don't talk about anything else it is a Q&A style
transcript where all we talk about is the CRM. Yeah. Describe to me what the CRM
is. I ask you questions, I

Tom 2:30:05 poke holes in it. We've now got a transcript. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's do that. Let's do that. And we talk about nothing else, no rabbit holes.
Nothing else. That's right. Then we generate a bunch of stucks. Sounds good.
We've got something to go teeth into and saying, okay. Stucks and solutions or
Xs that you are going to name. Yeah, but we don't need to write the stucks for
the CRM. What we need to do is just discuss what the CRM needs to do.

Tom 2:30:34 And then let Apple... Okay, sounds good. I'm going to stop this
recording here. And if there's anything else you'd like to add? And if there's
anything else you'd like to add?

Scott 2:30:40 No, that's all good.

Transcribed with Cockatoo
